README.md, before:

[![Stand With Ukraine](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vshymanskyy/StandWithUkraine/main/banner2-direct.svg)](https://stand-with-ukraine.pp.ua)
![Litranslate](../assets/readme/LiTranslate-banner.png)

## About

LiTranslate is an application which purpose is a convenient use of open source translation technology.

## For developers

Any help to improve this application will be appreciated:)\
Assets can be found on [assets branch](https://github.com/viktorkalyniuk/LiTranslate-iOS/tree/assets).

## Licence

* LiTranslate is written on SwiftUI and proudly use [LibreTranslate](https://github.com/LibreTranslate/LibreTranslate) Open Source Machine Translation API.
* LiTranslate is not officially associated with LibreTranslate or its products.
* LiTranslate source code is under [GNU Affero General Public License v3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html).
* Most of the flag icons were taken from [lipis/flag-icons](https://github.com/lipis/flag-icons) repository which is under [MIT License](https://github.com/lipis/flag-icons/blob/main/LICENSE).
* Esperanto flag is taken from [wikipedia commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Flag_of_Esperanto.svg) and is in public domain.
* LiTranslate icon is reserved and associeted with LiTranslate application and may only be used to reference [this project](https://github.com/viktorkalyniuk/LiTranslate-iOS).

Commit message:

Added App Store link to "support" section in SettingsView & updated README with this link.

README.md, after:

[![Stand With Ukraine](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vshymanskyy/StandWithUkraine/main/banner2-direct.svg)](https://stand-with-ukraine.pp.ua)
![Litranslate](../assets/readme/LiTranslate-banner.png)

## About

LiTranslate is an application which purpose is a convenient use of open source translation technology.\
\
[Download on the App Store!](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/litranslate/id1644385339)

## For developers

Any help to improve this application will be appreciated:)\
Assets can be found on [assets branch](https://github.com/viktorkalyniuk/LiTranslate-iOS/tree/assets).

## Licence

* LiTranslate is written on SwiftUI and proudly use [LibreTranslate](https://github.com/LibreTranslate/LibreTranslate) Open Source Machine Translation API.
* LiTranslate is not officially associated with LibreTranslate or its products.
* LiTranslate source code is under [GNU Affero General Public License v3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html).
* Most of the flag icons were taken from [lipis/flag-icons](https://github.com/lipis/flag-icons) repository which is under [MIT License](https://github.com/lipis/flag-icons/blob/main/LICENSE).
* Esperanto flag is taken from [wikipedia commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Flag_of_Esperanto.svg) and is in public domain.
* LiTranslate icon is reserved and associeted with LiTranslate application and may only be used to reference [this project](https://github.com/viktorkalyniuk/LiTranslate-iOS).
